# 2024-9

## 9-17

93 ⚠️

### Morning

i got a serious stomachace near 5:50 🤕

so get up later at 8:05

- [x] learn from 10 answers of _Multiple integral_ and _Curve integrals_

### Noon

- [ ] memorize english words

## 9-16

94

👽get up at 7:15, leave for study room at 7:45,walk for a while to warm up my body, start to learn at 8:10

### Morning

- [x] make notes for _special geometry_ and preview the _multiple calculus_
I think you should figure out what's the main direction before working on trivial staffs,Or you may likely get lost

### Noon

- [x] reply to issues on `github` regards to drop archived `supabase-py-async` and if switch to `ORM` query builder

### Snippets

- label it as a disgrace
- tremble at the thought of what he is about to do
- traders tended to discout the rumor
- rule out the possibility that …
- delay gratification
- dampen our moods
- state it overtly
- the very things that … can later be…
- … need to be put on the back burner
- sb are coping with a lot obligations,with few breaks, and feeling the strain
- the influence of sth is trivial
- trivial issues

I plan to switch the paperwork from the noon to the night For the sake of consistence for long period that needs attention

### Night

- [x] fixed [template](https://github.com/Atticuszz/fastapi_supabase_template/issues/138)
- [x] rest of _link layer_ works

i don't know why can help reading documents of `SqlModel` before going bed 🛌,garbage time showed up again
fortunately, got on bed almost before 10:40

## 9-15

- 95 days left

awake so late at 8:00 am😢,get bed before 10:00 pm is a better choice

today I'll go back home for lunch together with grandma
the truth is they all bull shit😠

### Subway

- [x] _Quantitative_ _Rules_ chapter of _the logic of science_ 📚

### Afternoon

- [x] the resume for extra info with submission
- [x] generate data table with python script
- [x] organize the requirements of theise📎 submission as notes

i will emphasize it again that look through information online without purpose is just fucking wasting your time🧠

### Go back to School

- [x] find out foods for breakfast 🍳,oatmeal and Chia seeds

sleep at 22:30, i hope be earlier to go to bed

## 9-16

- $96$ days left 🍒

- [ ] buy 🧦Sock drying rack

### Morning

awake at 7:30，arrived in studyroom at 8:30

- [x] left spaical geometry homework

### Noon

- [x] arrange tasks for submission to _IET computer vision_
- [x] making resume and took photos for myself
but it took much time to complete😠 cause sleepy🌙 for the whole noon

### Afternoon

- [x] finish correction and make notes 📝 for determinant

### Dinner

not clear what i have done after dinner,sleepy 💤 it seems to change background of photo for resume

### Evening

- [x] make notes 📝 for memory management

whatever you do as exhausted is waste time for very low efficiency😪

prepare to get up before 10:30 pm

## 9-15

- $97$ days left 🥝

### Morning

- [x] read first paragraph of _The Logic of Science_📖 on subway 🚇

### Afternoon

- [x] finished introduction,relate works,method polishing

### Subway

- [x] read instruction of _IET computer vision_ and registered an account of its site

paternal love shows up, it reminded me of the lonely time of childhood 😞,i never complain about you are poor,just wanna talk to u.
there is unhealed scar of myself.

## 9-14

### Morning

I do a plan of what should I do as I get up.I think there's raise about several things, about first thing is is get on your clothes and next thing is to wash your face and brush your teeth, and then eating your breakfast and for one is where are your shoes? There is all those this is so simple habits you have to follow, cause we have to separate our the behavior about get up from the bed with playing with phone. So I think it is important for us to manage our behaviors and treat, treat, treat, treat it as a habit cause I think people always the things randomly, we have to learn how to control it and here are some principles about how can we control our habits. Just make the stops that is all for us to see, so we can see the marks that we placed before so we can do it on our plan and that's easy. So we have to have a plan and figure out how cool could we go into a but situation with full of energy, the period of starting up is vital for us to a day and then they are my strategies that's vital. And also it seemed to the stuffs we have done before we get bad. That's how I think about the tiny behaviors or the marks which place to be to affect our behaviors in the future at at some moment, that's my strategy

And another behavior that I would try as to get up and then before we go to work the have the lots of works we have to walk, walk, walk in our campaign. Just walk, walk around to see different kinds of things, different kinds of treescars and people and the sky, the light and sunlight of the sun. I just walk around and see your environment, your surrounding stuffs because it's diversity. We're activate your mind, activate your body instead of just looking at your homework, the books, a desks, that's it. It's hard to activate yourself. I think there is some stipulation that were inform your body to awake from the sleep, not something to do before we get into the bar, the works, work situation, work state my trial

### Morning

I think this morning we have done three tasks. The first one is to revise your your errors and then to look through the answers and the questions to understand where To familiar with those method you're not understand

### Noon

Lunch time at 11:00 pm,sparked an idea about `Picgo` plugin of `Obsidian` that we can manage _all images_ while being pasted to automatically upload to github repository which as `picgo` server.

And finished the intricate configuration of `Obsidian Linter` which can help us
 format notes perfectly,and it actually intimidated me for reading it's instructions.

finally attachment paths are valid for `makedocs` to recognize,it's weird.

### Afternoon

Firstly I went to the playground for training spreading a fifty minutes, two hundred meter and one hundred and fifty meter. Then we find our state a and now we have the warm up for most ten minutes just for activate your muscles, your your hips and your legs. And you find your ability of symmetry of movement is perfectly good cause I think it because you worked for for warming up your mind and your body this morning. So you before you have the basics exercise, you have the lowest exercise between before the main exercise and as you went to the gym you just do Two groups, for every moments are all actions to activate your muscles from your your arms to your legs and your bully. After that you have the dumplings but actually you find as you a bit of fatigue. So in the period of low lower energy you just wanna play with something, Just figure out your ideas about how to manage your notes more convenient or feasible. After that you realize that you realize you have to stop it for memorize today's words and you finished the memorizing words before nine no, not nine, seven p m and then revise your operating system, homework regards to management allocation, memory allocation of main memory, and then you have to go to bed

### Snippets

- lash out the wrong of society
- more haste, less speed
- boil down to, put down to

### Evening

- corrected `memory allocation` homework
- shulfed assets and `.Obsidian` to site build folder 📁
- updated links of images of notes

## 9-13

- brace yourself up✊, $99$ days⌛ left for final war🔥

### Snippets

- we can __draw on__ experience of the great man.
- her nasty behavior __have earned of contempt of__ many web users.

I think the rest days my den den habits is not good cause I sleep late because of just wanna surf the internet about Trump's pose or just do notSatisfy with the current day works just I think it's because of your greedy, it interrupt your normal lifestyle,And also I think what kind of people can be an adult? I think it's maybe hard for yours. Also the contemporary young people, the maybe hard to grown up cause the lots of campus or some bad things, but it's bad for the grow up. And I think today, today morning I just writing some essays with the newest charge GBT, I think it's good, but it' took almost the whole morning to complete the related works part and the the norm. I didn't remember what did, but I think I got to the library almost one a m so it almost four hours To complete two tasks of mathematics, one of them is calculus and the other is linear algebra and you find you are extremely fatigue. WHYfiguring out the problems of linear algebra, and you go to dinner about aboutabout five and you let have a nap for almost one hour during the nap I try to learn something about git
And this, this night, this night, are you almost doing nothing? Cause I think you are absolutely week. Lack of energy just played to build a more beautiful blocks of yourself. Try to switch different logos of your site and now you're writing down to record at today's try the first time to write about your thoughts by your mobile phone. I think it's time to go now
